[doc]rfct] example usage of list jobs (#121)
funkyfuture/deck-chores: docs/usage.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Information, including the next scheduled execution, about the registered jobs of a deck-chores
instance can be logged by sending ``SIGUSR1`` signal to the *deck-chores*-process. For example,

> with a running *deck-chores* container named ``deck-chores_officer_1``, one needs to call::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a running *deck-chores* from a ``docker compose`` project, one needs to call::
```

    docker kill --signal USR1 deck-chores_officer_1

> In this case, output appears in ``deck-chores_officer_1`` log target, which are the container's logs
> accessible via ``docker logs deck-chores_officer_1``. The beginning of the output is marked by 
> ``|SIGUSR1 received, echoing all jobs.``, followed by detailed information regarding every registered,
> active job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output appears in ``deck-chores``' log target, that are the container's logs when it runs within
one.
```

here it gets just too verbose for my taste and the consistency of the deliberately compact docs.
